So, in this first intro section to CSS grids,
we're gonna code up some examples to learn the basics,
using CodePen, such as we did before in other sections.
Now, what's new is that we're actually gonna use
a new browser, instead of Google Chrome,
and that's the new Firefox Quantum,
which has, by far, the best dev tools to work
with CSS grids.
And this makes it a lot easier to visualize what's going on
when we lay out our grids and so that's perfect
for beginners like you.
So, let's just head over here to mozilla.org,
like I already have, and then download the new Firefox.
I already did that, of course, and I played around a lot
with the new dev tools with CSS grids here
and, as I said, they are really great
for working with grids.
So the new Firefox browser is the first tool
that we're gonna use throughout this course,
instead of Google Chrome,
and the second tool is, again, CodePen,
as I was mentioning before.
So, you already know that to create a new CodePen,
you just head over to codepen.io/pen.
It's then gonna ask you if you want to create a new account
at some point, but that's not really necessary,
if you just want to follow along with the videos
and just save the code.
But, if you want to create an account
and make the editor look like this one like I have here,
then it's best to create an account.
So, just to show you the settings that I have here,
so that you can make your CodePen look the same
as mine here in the videos,
I just head over here to the settings down here
and so what I have here is the Oceanic Dark theme,
together with the Source Code Pro font here
and a 15-pixel font size, all right?
And so that's gonna look like this example here
on the right side.
Then, down here, I didn't change anything,
so this is just the default settings, all right?
So, again, this last step here is not really necessary,
if you don't want to make your CodePen look the same
as mine, okay?
What really matters is
that you have the Firefox browser all installed and working,
so that in the next lecture,
we can start writing our first CSS grid code.
All right, so are you excited for that?
Then join me right in the next video.